now the staff that is more up to
You too, and yes, I'm recording.
multiple tags today
so I have the same look this tag
It's five books is an island I went to.
guided by joseph the girl but later
of TV literate also let me do it myself
I asked her and she left me soon after.
the gm indicated then we were indicated and
Let's do it, I found it a little.
difficult this difficult is easy difficult
because I stayed the same as me
asking costa are you know and then
house on this island that I am washing
so easy and easy because later I
I said do not let the levels
the books that I would like to
have been around for a long time and I do not
I would also like to read because I
I would need to re-read them so I chose
five books the first book and né
Let's repeat some of the other tag would be
around the world in 80 days by
to treat an adventure and I like
enough of this book because you pass
for several places and you do not get sick
attractive
so this is cool because I'm sure
If I'm rebell I'll improve.
as well as the training of principle
So this is one of the books I
I chose to take to an island in the
second book and being well again
would be to create potter and the relics of
death
My favorite book is even the
Phoenix
only I decide to take this is to be the
end of everything and for having a lot
many things will happen in this book
and partner end result I really like
of this book despite loving the fifth
I would have to take these people to relay and
to remember the whole saga and what the
series represented in my life the
third book would be the great gatsby of
f scott fitzgerald simply because it is
The best book I read this year.
it is a moment and because it is sensational and
passes so many life lessons that I
I took it for myself through my
reading was what I did not have in
I'll leave the link here below.
for the video review I left
What I did do from the book, I 'm sure.
I will read this book for the rest of my life.
life is sensational then I loved that
book was sure to take him to this
It's good until now I had an adventure.
classic I had a fantasy that also
It's a classic, let's see how that I
I had a grass, right?
and now I would choose a kit for
take to the island paraná to have fun
little and have a more superficial reading
or quieter my easier to
be life that would not be rose design
I know the name of this name.
I already said that in another video.
I have not done the caption yet if it
level but surely it is already I will do
and get rid of the customer is sensational
Maybe it's another nursery that I
like I have most enjoyed reading is
different from others
the main character is a man who
already have enough of the others despite
customer terms with characters
main
but it also has the
asperger syndrome that would be autism
He is an artist and he is very cool.
he is a professor of genetics and this
Ours is simply sensational because
he reminded me of the sheldon of df and it is
incredible because although it looks like
So he does not have it in the end he
improves with his touches and is
cinema the character that you in the beginning
he is very much so irrational but soon
he becomes an incredible character
because although he has this syndrome
he has
one half of this mentality of him does not
it's so natural it's very rational it
think we agree with him and even
Make some rumors we'll end up
coming back and agreeing with what he
is saying it really is certain that
he does and the fifth book that has not yet
I showed national but it is something sensational
people I won on birthday
recently I think this week of my
Book My boyfriend and it's amazing
why choosing this level would be
because he is too big and that never
it would have been for a long time but
also because it is a book that I
I have it, he knows I do not know when I'm going.
and if I can read but it's a goal to
My life is the sensational book and I
I'm sure you're going to have enough.
during my stay on the island be it
of life or the miserable
by vitor hugo
this version looks like a book is fine
small but it is not
so I 'll show you another video, but
this is the book 102 full of them
sensational we are lost to
disbelief
then it would certainly be a good request
To take this tag to him, that 's okay.
turned up until I think then the grandfather see who
I did not even here yet and I will indicate
Leave it here, I did not know. For you, it's more.
who want to feel free in
brother after I saw that I want to see if
You liked the video, you should enjoy it.
here and subscribe to the channel this is
very important and you have to thank
You because I recently received
enough subscribers
This made me very happy then until the
next video